Updating test case descriptions for `audio` or `video` has no audio that plays automatically' rules (#1249)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: _rules/auto-play-audio-does-not-exceed-3-seconds-aaa1bf.md

#### Passed Example 1

> This `<audio>` element does not play automatically for more than 3 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `audio` element does not play automatically for more than 3 seconds.
```

```html
<audio src="/test-assets/moon-audio/moon-speech.mp3#t=25" autoplay></audio>
```

#### Passed Example 2

> This `video` element's `audio` output does not last longer than 3 seconds.

Reviewer 2: The audio in this sentence does not refer to an element or attribute so it should not be between backticks.

```suggestion
This `video` element's audio output does not last longer than 3 seconds.
```

> The `audio` output of this `<video> element does not last longer than 3 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `video` element's `audio` output does not last longer than 3 seconds.
```

#### Inapplicable Example 1

> The audio of this `<video>` element autoplays for longer than 3 seconds but is `muted`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `video` element has audio that autoplays for longer than 3 seconds but is muted.
```

#### Inapplicable Example 2

> The `src` file of this `video` element has no audio output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `video` element refers to a source file that has no audio output.
```
